Hey guys! So I have been getting a lot of questions on how all of this works.
This will be my attempt on doing an in-depth tutorial on everything for magespells.

Table o' Contents:
1) What is MageSpells?
2)
3) Settings Config
4) Spell Creation/How it works
5) Wand Creation/How it works
6) Custom Item Creation/How it works
7) Team Creation/How It works
8) In-Game Menu
8) Extra







                                        1) What is MageSpells?
    MageSpells is my pride and glory. I have been working on this plugin since the beginning of 2015.
(Its 2016 as I am writng this). Since I began creating plugins, and programs alike, I have always been
a big supporter of user customization. This is what I built the basis of Magespells on. Customization.
I love seeing what new users can create and do with what I make. Sometimes even pushing the bounderies of
the plugin itself. Magespells allows for almost complete customization. Literatly giving players as much
customization as I possibly can while maintaining an effective and (hopefully) bug-free plugin. MageSpells
allows for server admins to create what they want for the type of server they need. Wand a billion spells
with massive battles? Sure! Want a roleplaying type of server where you must unlock spells and wands. Sure
thing. I give admins the ability to restrict the use of spells down to the letter. It can be incorperated
easily with other plugins simply with the permission system. Or if there is a savvy dev out there wishing
to hook-in and create their own spell effects, they have the freedom to do so. MageSpells is what you want it
to be. Without me telling you NO, dont use my plugin like that, Instead I encourage it. Show it off, take the credit
you did, afterall create it. This plugin has been a non-profit plugin although donations will be accepted
they are never enforced or required. I do it out of joy. not for money.




                                        2)
                                        3) Settings Config
    Okay so lets start off at the beginning. Settings. You should edit this before doing anything else. I
have attempted to provide some sort of guidance in the config. Here is an example of it with more explination
Settings:
    GameplaySettings:
        EnableLeveling: True                    -1
        MobExperience:                          -2
            ZOMBIE: 10                          -2.1
            SPIDER: 40
        ExpFromPlayers: 50                      -3
        LevelSystem:                            -4
            1: 0                                -4.1
            2: 100
            3: 200
            4: 500
            5: 1000
            6: 2000
            7: 5000
            8: 10000
            9: 20000
            10: 40000
        EnableLearning: True                    -5
        EnableSpellBookLearning: True           -6
        EnableWandLearning: true                -7
        EnableNodeSystem: true                  -8
    TeamSettings:
        UserCreatesTeam: True                   -9
    MaxManaAmount: 100                          -10
    ManaRegenRate: 3                            -11
    DisplayExactValue: true                     -12
    Colors:                                     -13
        InactiveMana: "&f"
        ActiveMana: "&b"
        LowMana: "&c"
        ManaBrackets: "&6"
        ChargeStatusBar: "&e"
        ChargeLeftBar: "&c"
        ChargeBracket: "&6"
        CooldownStatusBar: "&2"
        CooldownLeftBar: "&a"
        CooldownBracket: "&6"

1: Enable Leveling
    Leveling is a way to unlock spells. This also enables gaining experience from mobs
    and players. Leveling is great in a role play enviroment. It allows for micromanaging
    spells and wands alike. Leveling governs Dropping of spellbooks/wands. Binding spells
    with wands, casting spells, and crafting spells.
2: Mob Experience
    Mob experince works as a key-value. The KEY being the mob type. and Key being the amount of
    experince earned from that mob.
3: Player Experince
    This works exactly the same as mobs but instead for palyers.
4: Leveling System
    In order for a leveling system to work there need to be levels. Meaning there needs to be
    a set amount of experience required to reach that level. That is how this system works.
    You can add unlimited amount of levels.
    (4.1) The key being any integer. And the value being any integer representing the amount
        of experience required. (Technically LONG). In thisexample, if a player has 1242 exp,
        they will be level 5.
5: Enable Learning
    Learning is also a way to unlock spells. Learning gives a better ability to determine who
    uses what spell while still maintaing a role-play effectiveness. It allows for managing each
    spell individually for who uses what spell. This is a more specific way to micromanage players
    getting spells. Great for server signs or other command type plugins even VIP stuff. This will
    enable learning through spellbooks and wands.
6: Enable SpellBook learning
    IF Enable learning is enabled, this this will take into effect. If a player who does not already know
    the spell right clicks the book, the book will be consumed and the player will then 'learn' the spell(Regardless of level).
    This will allow for later use of the spell for casting.
7: Enable Wand Learning
    Similary to spellbook leanring, if Enable Learning is enabled, then this will also take into effect.
    If a player right clicks an unknown wand, then they 'learn' that wand (Regardless of level). This
    will allow for later use of the wand itself for casting.
8: Enable Node System
    This is where micromanaging gets complex. Do not use this if you are not good with permissions.
    The Node system is based on the permission system. This allows for all plugins to hook into it.
    How does it work? Each spell has a 'SpellNode' (magespells.spell.<node>) and each Wand has a
    'WandNode'(magespells.wand.<ndoe>). For a player to use a spell or wand they MUST have this node
    in their permissions.  So this works very similar to learning, except the node system has the
    ability to group spells and wands together. Example: You have 3 Fire spells. You set all three
    of their spell nodes to 'fire' (magespells.spell.fire). This means if a player has the permisison
    'magespells.spell.fire' they will immediately gain access to all three spells. Wands work the exact
    same but with one added feature. Wands have a wandcompatibility node list. This list is where you
    can specifiy what spells will be compatible with that wand. So if you wanted only fire spells on
    a fire wand. In the wand compatiblity node list you simply add '- fire'. This means all three of
    the spells as mentioned aboved will be allowed to bind with the fire wand. This adds for so much
    diversity and simplicity for micromanaging your spells and wands.
9: User Creates Team
    Teams are great system in magespells. If you want players to be grouped together so that certain
    spells wont hurt them. This is how you do it. Teams help players specify who they are with. For this
    option, where a user can create teams. This means any user is allowed to creates teams (WHO KNEW!).
    Great for factions. Each team has a leader and an officer as well as members. To create a team there
    must be a leader and officer. In order for a leader to join another team, they must leave the current
    team they are added in. This helps keep an excess of teams. Players may only be part of one team at time.
10: Max Mana Amount
    This is where you can change how much mana each player has by setting a maximum mana. This allows for
    more expensive spell or however you wish to group your spells.
11: Mana Regen Rage
    Mana regens naturally. And will continue to regenerate until it is full. Mana Is needed for any spell
    (Unless you choose to set the cost to 0 for all spells). It will regenerate by the amount specified each
    second. Tinker around with this and see what you like!
12: Display Exact Value
    If you wish for players to see exactly how much mana they have. This is the easiet way as the bar
    may prove a bit confusing.
13: Colors
    Colors is just an added way to choose what you want as a server admin, to help fix your color theme of
    your server. Simply cosmetic and does not affect gameplay in any way.




                                        4) Spell Creation/How it works
    I'm not going to lie, as I am typing this.. I am not looking forward to going over every aspect of spells
just because there is so much to customize... Nonetheless, these are spells. Configurable masterpieces.
Spells are created by simply creating a .yml file and copying and pasting the template into the yml.
After you have done that, all you need to do is edit to your pleasing. Be sure you look over everything
so you know it is all working! Spell creating takes time a paitence, but you will not be disappointed.

DisplayName: "&4Fire Ball"                      -1
Lore: "&cBurn baby &oBURNNNN"                   -2
Bolt:                                           -3
    Enabled: true                               -3.1
    DamageRadius: 3                             -3.2
    BoltDamage: 5                               -3.3
Aura:                                           -4
    Enabled: false                              -4.1
    ActiveTime: 0                               -4.2
    AuraRadius: 0                               -4.3
    AuraDamage: 0                               -4.4
Spray:                                          -5
    Enabled: true                               -5.1
    SprayRadius: 5                              -5.2
    SprayDamage: 3                              -5.3
ArmorPiercing: 20                               -6
ManaCost: 20                                    -7
MoneyCost: 0                                    -8
Cooldown: 3                                     -9
ChargeTime: 0                                   -10
TravelDistance: 50                              -11
SpellNode: "fire"                               -12
RequiredLevelToBind: 2                          -13
RequiredLevelToCast: 2                          -14
RequiredLevelToDrop: 2                          -15
AffectMobs: true                                -16
AffectSelf: false                               -17
AffectEnemy: true                               -18
AffectTeammates: false                          -19
SpecialEffect: "fire"                           -20
Sound:                                          -21
    Name: ENTITY_BAT_TAKEOFF                    -21.1
    Volume: 0.5                                 -21.2
    Pitch: 0.5                                  -21.3
Particles:                                      -22
    SMOKE_LARGE:                                -23
        Amount: 50                              -23.1
        offSetX: 0.05                           -23.2
        offSetY: 0.05                           -23.3
        offSetZ: 0.05                           -23.4
        Speed: 0.5                              -23.5
    FLAME:
        Amount: 50
        offSetX: 0.05
        offSetY: 0.05
        offSetZ: 0.05
        Speed: 0.5
PotionEffects:                                  -24
    WEAKNESS:                                   -25
        Duration: 3                             -25.1
        Amplification: 2                        -25.2
MobDrops:                                       -26
    Settings:
        Enable: True                            -27
    Drops:
        BLAZE:                                  -28
            Chance: 1.0                         -28.1
        MAGMA_CUBE:
            Chance: 5.0
ItemCost:                                       -29
    Settings:
        Enabled: True                           -30
    Items:
        FIREBALL: 1                             -31

1: DisplayName
    Simply put, this is what the players will see in the spell menu, and on the wand. Make it fancy ;)
    Color Codes welcome!
2: Lore
    This is the lore for spells. Great to add.. lore, and anything else you wish. For a new line type
    a '/' in there. Color Codes Welcome!
3: Bolt
    Bolt spells, these are your basic spells that will stop when an enemy is hit. Bolt spells are great
    for long range spells.
    (3.1) To enable bolt spells, set this to true! This means the spell will inherit any charateristics of
        a bolt spell
    (3.2) Damage Radius is when a bolt initailly hits an enemy anyone within the specified radius will be
        considered hit aswell.
    (3.3) Bolt Damage is simply put, the amount of damage delt to a player. (Armor is taken into affect).
4: Aura
    Aura Spells are great for affecting a wide rage of players for a specific amount of time! Aura spells
    can be combined with bolt spells. If this is done, then at the end of a bolt spells life, the aura spell
    will produce an aura. If you wish for the aura spell to happen at the players location, just put the
    travel distance to '0'. Otherwise the spell will fly until it hits a wall or runs out of distance, then
    activate.
    (4.1) Set this to true if you wish to inherit the characterisitcs of an aura spell.
    (4.2) Spells operate differently than normal spells. An aura is active for a specific period of time.
        Set this in seconds for the aura to last that long. Aura spells will tick every second.
    (4.3) This is the radius of the aura. Great for covering large amounts of land. Any person eligible to
        be affected will be in regards to the settings.
    (4.4) This is where you can set the amount of damage an aura spell does. (Armor is taken into affect)
5: Spray
    Spray spells work similar to bolt spells, but while they fly they do not stop when hitting an enemy (unless
    bolt is set to true). Instead it damages anyone within the radius of the spell as it flys through the air.
    Note that enemies are only hit once by this spell.
    (5.1) Enable this to inherit the characteristics of the spray spell.
    (5.2) This is the radius at which it affects people as it flys through the air.
    (5.3) This is how much damage each player is delt. (Armor is taken into affect)
6: Armor Piercing
    Armor can be a nasty pain in the butt. Lets eleminate that with armor piercing. Set this anywhere
    from 0-100. This will be taken as a percent to negate when the damage is delt. So if a player has
    lets say 50% armor and the armor penetration is set to 20%. That means that only 40% of the armor is
    registered.
7: Mana Cost
    Mana Cost is what spells run on (if you want). In order to cast a spell the player must have this
    mana amount aquired, otherwise the spell will not be cast. (See section 3.10)
8: Money Cost
    NOT IMPLEMENTED YET -- Money cost is the same as mana cost but instead it uses money! Vault needed for
    this option.
9: Cooldown
    If you want to limit how often a player can cast a spell, cooldowns are a great way to do this.
    This keeps player from rapid spamming a spell at other players, and helps keep things balanced.
10: Charge Time
    Charge time is the same as cooldown time, but instead it operates before a spell is cast. The charge
    time must tick all the way through and then the spell is automatically cast. (Mana is drained before)
11: Travel Distance
    This is where you specify how far you wish the spell to travel (In units of blocks). If spells go past
    this distance, they are removed. Spells may end before this travel distance is reached.
12: Spell Node
    Spell Nodes (see Section 3.8) Used for the node system. put 'all' if not enabled.
13: Required Level To Bind
    This level is required before a player can bind this spell with a wand. Leveling system must be enabled
14: Required Level to Cast
    This level is required before a player can cast this spell. Leveling system must be enabled.
15: Required Level To Drop
    This level is required before an entity will drop for a player. Leveling system must be enabled.
16: Affect Mobs
    Set this to ture to affect all mob types.
17: Affect Self
    Set this to true to affect yourself with the spell.
18: Affect Enemy
    Set this to true to affect anyone that is not on you team.
19: Affect Teammates
    Set this to ture to affect anyone that is on your team.
20: Special Effect
    Special Effects are for any spells. If you are not sure what to put set it to 'normal'. If you
    want to know what special effects there are, look at the effectlist.txt document. Here I will add
    what new spelleffects I have added. Spell effects do things like set enemies ablaze, or teleport the player.
21: Sound
    Each spell has a sound. I perfer Entity_Bat_Takeoff for mine, but that is by prefrence. There are a lot
    of sounds to choose from, if you want a list then check out my SountList.txt document. I have added all possible
    sounds for 1.10. Enjoy choosing!
    (21.1) This is where you put the sound name.
    (21.2) This is where you can change the volume of the sound
    (21.3) This is where you can change the pitch of the sound
22: Particles
    Particles are what give spells the fancyness. You can make your spell stand out, or make it simple.
    Add as many particole effects as you want to spell. Look at ParticeList.txt to see what particles are avaliable
    to you! Particles at created every tick of the spell.
23: Smoke_Large (Example)
    Smoke_Large is a particle type. When creating a new spell be sure to specify what particle followed by a colon.
    (23.1) Here is where you put the amount of particles you wish to be spawned per tick.
    (23.2-4) The offset is, simply put, how far away you wish the particles to be spread from the center.
        Meaning, if you have 0.05 that means 0.05 blocks it will expand on either the x/y/z axis.
    (23.5) Speed is how fast you want the particles to go through their animation. Menaing they will
        speed up and disappear the faster you have it.
24: Potion Effects
    Potion Effects are just like the potions in vanilla minecraft. Each one has a name to be identified by
    use the potioneffectlist.txt document to figure out what potioneffect you wish to add.
25: Weakness (Example)
    As per example of potion effects. Just like Particle effects, be sure to specify what particle followed by a colon
    and then set the duration and amplification.
    (25.1) The duration is how long a potion effect will last in seconds.
    (25.2) The Amplification is how strong the potion effect will be. Some potion effects can only go to 2.
    So be careful!
26: Mob Drops
    Mob drops is used with binding and spell learning. In order to bind a spell you must have a spellbook present
    in your inventory. To get these spellbooks you must kill mobs (if you want). This is where you set the chance
    a certian mob has to dropping the book.
27: Enable (Mob Drops)
    Set this to true if you want spellsbooks to drop
28: Blaze (Example)
    These work as a key-value set. The key being Blaze, and the value (chance) being .10 or 10% chance of dropping.
    Note: You can only go as low as .01 or 1% chance.
29: Item Costs
    Item Costs allow for more complexity when attempting to cast a spell. If a player does not have the specified
    items in his inventory then the spell will not be cast. The Item Costs work with custom items meaning you
    can make it so a player requires a custom item to cast a spell. Use the MaterialsList.txt document to get a list
    of materials. To specifiy a specific material that has a data key to it. Use a hyphen. Example. Wool-3 would be
    Light Blue Wool. For a list of specific ID's use http://minecraft-ids.grahamedgecombe.com/ or /itemdb in MC.
30: Enable (Item Cost)
    Enable this if you wish to have custom items costs for the spell.
31: FIREBALL (Example)
    For this example we will use Fireball (Also known as Firecharge). This also works as a key-value pair.
    The key being fireball, and the value (amount) being 1.
Extra: General Charateristics of spells
    Spells are the whole reason for this plugins. But to keep spells from becoming too op.. or dumb.. or broken.
    I set in place a couple checks. For example when a spell hits a wall, it will no longer be active
    and will disipate. Spells can only travel through air. May change in a later update to be configurable.
    Also note that damnages from aura, spray, and bolt do indeed stack!


                                        5) Wand Creation/How it works
    Wands are what allow users to cast spells. Without these, there is no magic (que bad music). Wands can hold
up to two spells. A primary and a secondary. TO initate a primary spell simply leftclick in the direction you wish
it to go. For the secondary spell just simply right click and watch it fly. Wands are learnable, and require levels
/permission nodes to use (If set in config).

Name: "&4Fire Staff"                                    -1
RequiredLevelToCraft: 2                                 -2
RequiredLevelToUse: 2                                   -3
RequiredLevelToBind: 2                                  -4
Wand_Material: BLAZE_ROD                                -5
Recipe: AIR,AIR,AIR,AIR,LAVA_BUCKET,AIR,AIR,STICK,AIR   -6
MobDrops:                                               -7
    Settings:
        Enable: True                                    -8
    Drops:
        BLAZE:                                          -9
            Chance: 10.0                                -9.1
        MAGMA_CUBE:
            Chance: 10.0
WandNode: "fire"                                        -10
CompatibleSpellNodeList:                                -11
    - fire                                              -11.1
    - lava
    - ash
    - burn

1: Name
    This is where you put the display name of the spell. Make it fancy as color codes are welcome!
2: Required level to craft
    In order to craft a wand, they must first have the required level or above. As well as if it is set in the
    config, they must know the spell and have the permission node.
3: Required level to use
    In order to use a wand (cast with it) the must have the required level or above. As well as if it is set in
    the config, they must know the spell and have the permission node.
4: Required level to bind
    In order to bind with a wand, they must have the required level or above. As well as if it is set in the
    config, they must know the spell and have the permission node. Reminder: Wands will not be displayed if the
    spell is not compatible, user is not the right level, or the user does not know the wand.
5: Wand material
    This is where you specify the wand material. Anything can be a wand. But be careful. If the wand is a block
    it may be placed on right click! Pick any material. Materials are lsited in the MaterialList.txt document.
    Items with data values are accepted, simply use a hyphen. Example. Wool-3 would be Light Blue Wool. For a
    list of specific ID's use http://minecraft-ids.grahamedgecombe.com/ or /itemdb in MC.
6: Recipe
    Recipies is where you specify how to make a wand. Each spot refers to a spot in a crafting table
    [1][2][3]   -This is the crafting table. In terms of the conifg it goes by position. So,
    [4][5][6]       1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9. Each number should be replaced by some sort of material type.
    [7][8][9]       Materials with data values are allowed. Simply use a hyphen.Example. Wool-3 would be Light
    Blue Wool. For a list of specific ID's use http://minecraft-ids.grahamedgecombe.com/ or /itemdb in MC. If you
    do not wish to have anything in the spot, simply put 'AIR'. Please note, for recipes, minecraft does not store
    specific data like lore and display name. SO, with that said, custom items will NOT be recognized in the recipe
7: Mob Drops
    Mob drops is used with binding and spell learning. In order to bind a spell you must have a spellbook present
    in your inventory. To get these spellbooks you must kill mobs (if you want). This is where you set the chance
    a certian mob has to dropping the book.
8: Enable (Mob Drops)
    Set this to true if you want spellsbooks to drop
9: Blaze (Example)
    These work as a key-value set. The key being Blaze, and the value (chance) being .10 or 10% chance of dropping.
    Note: You can only go as low as .01 or 1% chance.
10: Wand Node
    Wand Nodes (see Section 3.8) Used for the node system. put 'all' if not enabled.
11: Compatible Spell Node List
    Compatible Nodes (see Section 3.8) Used for the node system. put 'all' if not enabled.


                                      6) Custom Item Creation/How it works
    Custom Items are great for item costs and things to just add into your server. They have their owne crafting
recipie, as well as you can customize the display name and lore. Custom item creating right now only supports
leveling system. Meaning you must be a certian level to create it. I will eventually add node system and maybe
learning into it.

Name: "&4Blood"                                                             -1
Lore: "&cA pool of blood from your enemies"                                 -2
Material: "REDSTONE"                                                        -3
Recipe: "AIR,REDSTONE,AIR,REDSTONE,AIR,REDSTONE,AIR,REDSTONE,AIR"           -4
RequiredLevel: 3                                                            -5

1: Name
    This is where you can customize the items display name for all players to see. Make it fancy ;)
    Color Codes welcome!
2: Lore
    This is the lore for custom items. Great to add.. lore, and anything else you wish. For a new line type
    a '/' in there. Color Codes Welcome!
3: Material
    This is where you specify the item material. Anything can be a custom item. But be careful. If the custom
    item is a block it may be placed on right click, and will lose all data value associated with it! Pick any material.
    Materials are lsited in the MaterialList.txt document. Items with data values are accepted, simply use a hyphen.
    Example. Wool-3 would be Light Blue Wool. For a list of specific ID's use http://minecraft-ids.grahamedgecombe.com/
    or /itemdb in MC.
4: Recipe
    Recipies is where you specify how to make a wand. Each spot refers to a spot in a crafting table
    [1][2][3]   -This is the crafting table. In terms of the conifg it goes by position. So,
    [4][5][6]       1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9. Each number should be replaced by some sort of material type.
    [7][8][9]       Materials with data values are allowed. Simply use a hyphen.Example. Wool-3 would be Light
    Blue Wool. For a list of specific ID's use http://minecraft-ids.grahamedgecombe.com/ or /itemdb in MC. If you
    do not wish to have anything in the spot, simply put 'AIR'. Please note, for recipes, minecraft does not store
    specific data like lore and display name. SO, with that said, custom items will NOT be recognized in the recipe
5: Required Level
    For a player to craft an item they must be this requried level or higher.


                                          7) Team Creation/How It works
                                           ****STILL IN ALPHA PHASE****
    Teams are a great addition to magespells. They help sort players into groups, so that spells will either not
or will hurt/help them depending on the spell settings. Teams can either be solely admin created, or user created.
Example: if a admin wanted 4 factions, simply create 4 new teams. Set yourself as tbe leader. Then when a new player
joins, simply have them click a serversign that will add them to a team.

Leader: "L2_Envy(UUID)"                 -1
Officer: "SomeoneSpecial(UUID)"         -2
Members:                                -3
    -Someone(UUID)                      -3.1
    -Someone2(UUID)
    -Someone3(UUID)
1: Leader
    This is where the leaders UUID of the team will be. It is important that it is a UUID and not the name! Leaders
    have full control over the team.
2: Officer
    This is where the first officer will be. They have almost all the same permissions as the leader.
3: Members
    Any other member will be added here. They have the option to leave the team. Simply put, just shows
    they are on a team. Each user can only be on one team.
    (3.1) This is where the UUID of the player will be. It is in a list format for easy reading.


                                                8) In-Game Menu
    The mage menu, this is for easy access for any mage. Here it has 5 sub-menus. Spell Menu, Wand Menu, Wand Bag,
Binding Menu, and Mage Stats. Each one operates differently and allows for different things.

1: Spell Menu
    The spell menu displays every spell that is loaded in the server. Each spell will be organized alphabetically for
    easy access and finding. As well as be organized, each spell will be blacked out until the player has learned
    the spell, is the right level, AND has the correct permission node for it. This means the spell is fully 'unlocked'.
    The reason it requires all of this is because it allows for more diversity if an admin only wants a spell to show if
    they have the right node. ALl they have to do is turn off the other two in the settings. Once unlocked, it will show
    general information about a spell to help the user understand what it does and how powerful it is. You can also check
    out item costs here too.
2: Wand Menu
    The Wand menu also displays every wand that is loaded in the server. Each wand will be organized alphabetically for
    easy access and finding. As well as be organized, each wand will be blacked out until the player has learned the
    spell, is the right level for use, and has the correct wand node. This means the wand is fully 'unlocked'.
    Once unlocked, it will show general information about the wand, as well as how to craft the wand! (YAY!)
3: Wand Bag
    The wand bag is ment to be used for wand storage. This is because over time the player will get more and more
    wands with different spells, and instead of it taking up so much space, the user can easily store it into their
    wand bag. The wand bag is the normal size of an inventory, but will only store wands.
4: Binding Menu
    Okay, so binding is complicating when attempting to bind two things. In the binding menu you will sometimes see that
    a spell or wand is not listed in the menu. This is because one of multiple things. A) The player does not know
    the spell/wand. B) The player is not a high enough level to bind with the wand/spell. C) The player Does not have
    the wand/spell node. OR D) The Wand does not have the spellnode in its compatible list. Any of these things can
    prevent a spell from binding with a wand. Also when binding, the spell book will be consumed! Also, you will have
    an option to bind with either primary or secondary. Remember if there is already a spell on either the primary or
    secondary, and you attempt to place over that spell, it WILL remove the current spell, and replace it with the new
    spell.
5: Mage Stats
    To see what level you are, or what team you are on, simply use this. More info will be coming